# Appropriability-of-Social-Capital-Theories-in-Industry-4.0

After the advent of the fourth industrial revolution, social capital theories were required to incorporate human-artificial intelligence agent teams, but such requirements were not met. To understand why the prevalent and influential social capital theories were still delayed prior to the fourth industrial revolution, the social capital co-authorship networks for arts and humanities and computer science were analyzed respectively. The co-authorship networks were analyzed using features such as average degree, density, average clustering coefficient, average path length, and measures of node centrality which included degree centrality, closeness centrality, betweenness centrality, and eigenvector centrality. The first three measures of node centrality were investigated in association and the ten highest eigenvector centrality holders’ research was analyzed to understand the influential ideas in social capital research. Lastly, modularity classes were analyzed with the eigenvector centrality to see how the clusters are formed and understand the structure of the network. The analysis of the co-authorship network revealed that collaboration and knowledge sharing were only proliferating amongst similar eigenvector centrality score holders. Since the ideas that the most influential researchers shared were always in the same vicinity, the theories have not been able to incorporate radical changes such as the fourth industrial revolution. To solve this problem, two solutions were suggested: the first one was radical and the second one was slower, but more acceptable. The first solution was to make the social capital co-authorship network readier for such significant change, by utilizing authors that have ties to active and important authors or have a few ties that are crucial to the network flow. The second solution was to utilize authors embedded in a cluster that is away from the rest of the network.
